Update guide_for_admins_and_devs for slide deck (#22)
ctsit/redcap_external_module_development_guide: docs/index.md

title: REDCap External Module Development Guide
---

> # REDCap External Module Development Guide

Reviewer: How did I ever miss this?

This site is a guide to the development of software extensions to Vanderbilt University's Research Electronic Data CAPture (REDCap) using REDCap's External Module framework. Added to REDCap in the Fall of 2017, the external module framework has proven to be an effective and popular way to change REDCap's behavior to meet the needs of specific sites and projects. This guide provides an introduction to external modules and guidance in creating a team and plan for developing modules for one's own needs and the broader REDCap community.

> The audience for this guide is both REDCap Admins and software developers who would be writing the modules. The guide is split into two sections to address the different audiences. The first section, [REDCap External Module Development for REDCap Admins and Developers](guide_for_admins_and_devs), provides the background both audiences need to work together to create and share a module with the REDCap community. The second section, [REDCap External Module Development for Developers](guide_for_devs), guides developers to the right development tools, suggests resources for module development and offers coding exercises to create simple modules that extend REDCap in different ways.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The audience for this guide is both REDCap Admins and software developers who would be writing the modules. The guide is split into two sections to address the different audiences. The first section, [REDCap External Module Development for REDCap Admins and Developers](guide_for_admins_and_devs), provides the background both audiences need to work together to create and share a module with the REDCap community. The second section, [REDCap External Module Development for Developers](guide_for_devs), guides developers to the right development tools, suggests resources for module development and offers coding exercises to create simple modules that make use of the various tools at the disposal of an External Module developer.
```
>... offers coding exercises to create simple modules that extend REDCap in different ways.

Feels too vague, it suggests these modules are useful rather than bite-size lessons.
